# De Beste Stroopwafel

A project by Ben Naylor in 2018

## Introduction

After living for 2 years in The Netherlands, the author has found a love for
stroopwafels. There are many different stroopwafels however, and the science
geek inside the author wanted to do a double blind test on a bunch of strangers
to find out which stroopwafel really is the best.

## What is a Stroopwafel

A delcious morsel of caramel syrup between two thin waffels. Stroopwafels are 
suspected to come from the Dutch region of Gouda. The word Stroopwafel is made 
up of the two words Stroop and wafel which refer to the sugar syrup in the
middle (stroop) and the waffels on either side respectively.

The stroop is a sugar syrup which is very similar to other sugar syrups that you 
might find in other countries. In New Zealand, this syrup would be called Golden 
Syrup for example.

The Waffel is not a waffel in the traditional sense of a Belfium waffle, and 
more closely resembles a very thin soft biscuit. The waffle pieces can sometimes 
be brought separately from markets where the waffle is broken and can't be used 
for the stroopwafels that are being made. When freshly prepared, the waffle is 
baked in a wafflepress, and the two halves are separated to which the stroop is 
then added to the center.

Annecdotally, stroopwafels are best served fresh from a market. These can be 
found throughout The Netherlands, however it is recommended to go and sample 
many stroopwafels from many places, as not all stroopwafels are made the same.

## Why do this study, why stroopwafels..... why?

The short answer to this is "daarom" (just because). The author finds statistics 
somewhat interesting, and also enjoys eating stroopwafels. Combining both of
those things means a study of stroopwafels, so why not.

## Is this actually a scientific approach? Can the results be used elsewhere?

The study was designed, built, and executed by the author through research done 
on research practises from Wikipedia. It most likely is not a legitimate 
approach, and references are not going to be added unless it's easy enough to 
find. If you choose to use this study and/or results in your own research as a 
reference, then no liability is held if that invalidates your study as this was 
not intended for that purpose.

## Who is the author?

Ben Naylor of course.

## Can I "borrow" this work, and put my own name on it?

This project is licensed under MIT. My understanding is you can remove all 
references of my name and claim it or yourself. I don't really care what you do 
with it, however if you feel like dropping my attribution in studies that 
reference this, then that would be appreciated but not obligated.
